Now, lock guard and unique lock are two powerful concepts
that make it very easy to manage access to a shared resource.
They are both an extension of the basic mutex concept,
and differ mostly with regard to the flexibility of the locking and unlocking operation.
Now remember that mutexes should never be used
directly even though this technically works.
The danger of a miss clock is simply too great.
It outweighs the benefits.
So don't do this.
One situation with lock guard and which lock guard does not cover is
a deadlock situation where one thread waits for another thread to unlock a resource,
or at the same time locking a resource for which the other thread waits.
Now this dilemma, where everything depends on
the correct order of locking and unlocking the mutexes.
This can be solved by using
the standard lock operator as you have seen in the last example.
So I think you're well prepared now for the next lesson project. See you there.